Add an option to specify a different template (#149)
nathan-weinberg/jeeves: docs/README.md

## Usage
To run:
- `$ ./jeeves.py [-h] [--config CONFIG] [--blockers BLOCKERS] [--no-email] [--test-email] [--remind] [--template TEMPLATE]`
- To only save report to the 'archive' folder, and not send an email, add `--no-email`
- To send report to email specified in `email_to_test` field, add `--test-email`
	- Note that running Jeeves with the `--test-email` flag will not save the report to 'archive' folder
	- As such, running Jeeves with both the `--test-email` and `--no-email` flags will result in no report being saved and no email being sent
- To run Jeeves in "reminder" mode, add `--remind`
    - Note this will override the usage of both `--no-email` and `--test-email`

> - To use a different template for HTML report, add `--template <template file>`.  The template should be at the templates directory    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To use a different template for HTML report, add `--template <template file>`.  The template should be in the templates directory.
    - Note that this flag will be ignored if Jeeves is run in remind mode
```

Author: Added a try,except clause in case there is a problem with loading the template
